Day-3:-  how to take value from the user & how to define conditional statement in our python:
         Functional Conditional Statements:
         Loops Statement:
         Range Function:
         Break and Continue Statement:
         Pass Statemet in Python:

1) User Input : Python provides numerous built-in functions that are readily available to us at the Python prompt.
             Some of the functions like input() and print() are widely used for standard input and output operations respectively. Let us see the output section first.
             We use the print() function to output data to the standard output device (screen). We can also output data to a file.
2) Typecasting : Type Casting is the method to convert the variable data type into a certain data type in order to the operation required to be performed by users. 

3) Conditional Statement:
 if statement:
             syntax: if test expression:
                     statement(s)
             In Python, the body of the if statement is indicated by the indentation. The body starts with an indentation and the first unindented line marks the end.

 if...else statement:
                     Syntax: 
                           if test expression:
                               Body of if
                           else:
                               Body of else
                     The if..else statement evaluates test expression and will execute the body of if only when the test condition is True.

 if...elif...else statement: The elif is short for else if. It allows us to check for multiple expressions.
                           If the condition for if is False, it checks the condition of the next elif block and so on.
                           If all the conditions are False, the body of else is executed.
                           Only one block among the several if...elif...else blocks is executed according to the condition.
                           The if block can have only one else block. But it can have multiple elif blocks.
                           Syntax:
                           if test expression:
                              Body of if
                           elif test expression:
                              Body of elif
                           else: 
                              Body of else

 nested if statement: We can have a if...elif...else statement inside another if...elif...else statement. This is called nesting in computer programming.
                      Any number of these statements can be nested inside one another. Indentation is the only way to figure out the level of nesting. 
                      They can get confusing, so they must be avoided unless necessary.

4) Loops Statement:
  While loop statement: 
                      In python, while loop is used to execute a block of statements repeatedly until a given a condition is satisfied. 
                      And when the condition becomes false, the line immediately after the loop in program is executed. 
                      In the while loop, test expression is checked first. 
                      The body of the loop is entered only if the test_expression evaluates to True. After one iteration, the test expression is checked again. 
                      This process continues until the test_expression evaluates to False.
                      In Python, the body of the while loop is determined through indentation.
                      The body starts with indentation and the first unindented line marks the end.

Python interprets any non-zero value as True. None and 0 are interpreted as False.
Syntax :
while expression:
    statement(s)

  For Loop Statement:
                     The for loop in Python is used to iterate over a sequence (list, tuple, string) or other iterable objects. Iterating over a sequence is called traversal.

Syntax of for Loop
for val in sequence:
    Body of for
                     Here, val is the variable that takes the value of the item inside the sequence on each iteration.
                     Loop continues until we reach the last item in the sequence. The body of for loop is separated from the rest of the code using indentation.

  Nested loop statement:Python programming language allows to use one loop inside another loop.
  syntax:
for iterating_var in sequence:
   for iterating_var in sequence:
      statements(s)
   statements(s)

5) Range Function:
                  we can generate a sequence of numbers using range() function.
                  Example: range(10) will generate frop 0 to 9 (10 numbers)
                  we can also define the start, stop and step size as range(start,stop,step size). step size defaults to 1 if not provided.
                  An alternative way of iterating through each item is by index. for that we have to use range() function along with len() function.
                  The len() function provies the total number of elements in the tuple, the range() function give us the actual sequence to iterate over.
 
6) Loop with else:
A loop can have an optional else block as well.
If the else statement is used with a for loop, the else statement is executed when the loop has exhausted iterating the list.
If the else statement is used with a while loop, the else statement is executed when the condition becomes false.

7) Break and Continue Statement:
  Break:The break statement in Python terminates the current loop and resumes execution at the next statement, just like the traditional break found in C. 
       This is used to exit a for loop or a while loop
  Continue:The continue statement in Python returns the control to the beginning of the while loop. 
           The continue statement rejects all the remaining statements in the current iteration of the loop and moves the control back to the top of the loop. 
           This is used to skip the current block, and return to the "for" or "while" statement

8) Pass Statemet:
   In Python programming, the pass statement is a null statement. The difference between a comment and a pass statement in Python is that while the interpreter ignores a comment entirely, pass is not ignored.
   The pass statement is used as a placeholder for future code. When the pass statement is executed, nothing happens, but you avoid getting an error when empty code is not allowed. 
   Empty code is not allowed in loops, function definitions, class definitions, or in if statements

       